
{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\b REIT6811 Tutorial 6 – Activity 1 Journal (Bilingual)}\line
Author: Xinyue Chang\line
Date: 2025-09-18\line
\line
{\b Q1. Storage and Accessibility}\line
{\i 中文（2–3句）}\line
高效存储与组织能提升团队在检索、复现与审计中的效率，避免信息丢失与误用，支撑可重复研究。\line
标准化结构与命名让协作者快速定位资料与代码，减少沟通成本并降低合并错误。\line
同时它满足课程与机构对数据完整性、追踪与合规性的要求。\line
\line
{\i English (2–3 sentences)}\line
Efficient storage and organisation accelerate retrieval, reproducibility, and auditability while reducing loss or misuse of information.\line
A standardised structure and naming scheme help collaborators locate materials quickly and cut coordination overhead and merge errors.\line
It also supports integrity, traceability, and compliance requirements expected by the course and institution.\line
\line
{\b Q2. File Storage Methods & Special Access}\line
{\i 中文（2–3句）}\line
定量数据放在 \ldblquote quantitative\_analysis/data\rdblquote ，脚本放在 \ldblquote quantitative\_analysis/scripts\rdblquote ；定性资料分别置于 \ldblquote transcripts\rdblquote 、\ldblquote protocols\rdblquote 、\ldblquote consent\rdblquote 与 \ldblquote visualisations\rdblquote ，文献与草稿分别进入 \ldblquote literature\_review\rdblquote 与 \ldblquote drafts\_and\_reports\rdblquote 。\line
含个人或敏感信息（如 consent、原始访谈录音/逐字稿、带人脸的媒体、含标识符的原始问卷数据）需受限访问与去标识化，并记录访问控制。\line
在仓库根目录提供 README 与变更日志（Project\_logbook）说明结构、命名与权限，便于协作与追踪。\line
\line
{\i English (2–3 sentences)}\line
Store quantitative data under \ldblquote quantitative\_analysis/data\rdblquote and analysis scripts in \ldblquote quantitative\_analysis/scripts\rdblquote ; keep qualitative assets in \ldblquote transcripts\rdblquote , \ldblquote protocols\rdblquote , \ldblquote consent\rdblquote , and \ldblquote visualisations\rdblquote , with literature and drafts under \ldblquote literature\_review\rdblquote and \ldblquote drafts\_and\_reports\rdblquote .\line
Materials containing personal or sensitive information (e.g., consent forms, raw interviews, identifiable survey data, media with faces) require restricted access and de-identification with documented controls.\line
Provide a top-level README and a Project\_logbook that explain the structure, naming, and permissions to support collaboration and traceability.\line
}
